als o2 noch viag interkom war
#############################
:date: 2011-09-17 21:30
:tags: de, viag interkom, wtf

Ich hab vor gut 3-4 Monaten von einem Freund ein Handy bekommen. Es ist
nichts Top of the Line, aber ich wuerde sagen ein gutes
Durchschnittshandy: 

|image0| 

[tabs style="3"] [tab title="Philips
Savvy"] New Philips Savvy Dual Band GSM: the **'Fun Phone'** with the
benefits of the latest GSM technology **New features for even easier use
include Philips Voice Dial and vibrator call alert** [/tab] [tab
title='Voice Dial and Vibrator Alert'] Savvy Dual Band introduces new
features that make this mobile phone even easier and more convenient to
use. For example the exclusive Philips Voice Dial feature, which
recognizes the user's voice and allows a call to be made simply by
speaking the name of the person to be dialled. This not only speeds and
simplifies operation, it also enhances safety during in-car use of the
mobile phone. Up to 10 numbers can be stored in memory for voice
dialling. An enhanced vibration feature has been specifically developed
to enable users to be discreetly informed of incoming calls; after the
phone vibrates twice it rings progressively louder. You are sure to
receive all incoming calls in any situation! [/tab] [tab title='Modern
Trendy Design'] Designed to appeal to a younger target group of mobile
phone users, Savvy has a modern, trendy styling with comfortable, curved
contours that make it easy to hold in the hand and use. Meeting every
taste the phone is available in a color range, called the Cosmos line
with a choice of three colours: Galaxy Grey, Night Blue & Moon Pearl.
[/tab] [tab title='"Emotion icons"'] Savvy Dual Band also adds extra
expression to phone calls with family and friends by sending 'Emotion
Icons' using the GSM Short Message Service (SMS) feature. These icons,
sent with text messages just like e-mail attachments, are received by
other Savvy owners as displayed icons conveying emotions like a 'smiley
face', 'frown' and 'hearts'. For example you can send a personal 'Happy
Birthday' message, and attach it to one of the Savvy icons showing a
birthday cake with candles. You can also send the icons to a non-Philips
phone or receive from a non Philips phone a smiley on your Savvy. .
[/tab] [tab title='Calendar'] This latest Savvy also has the popular
biorhythm calendar game, which gives a prediction covering chance, love,
energy and success levels based on the user's birth date and the current
date. Numerous other useful and entertaining features include a
convenient calculator, a stopwatch, a Euro currency converter and an
alarm clock that works even when the phone is switched off. [/tab] [tab
title='Animated Display'] Making operation easy and simplifying access
to Savvy's many features, the animated display creates a new user
interface that is clearer and more attractive than ever. An important
contribution to easy operation is made by the four-direction compass
key. This provides one-button 'point and click' menu navigation and
selection, while dedicated menu and clear keys give instant menu entry
and escape. The result is really easy operation, for example enabling
first-time mobile users to use the phone just minutes after purchase.
[/tab] [tab title='Dual Band Capacity'] Thanks to its dual band
capability, the new Savvy Dual Band operates on both 900 and 1800 MHz
GSM networks, multiplying the possibilities to phone on a variety of
networks and further increasing worldwide roaming capabilities. Savvy
Dual Band also offers Enhanced Full Rate (EFR) coding (if supported by
the user's network), which gives a significant improvement in sound
quality. Moreover, a special signal processing compression algorithm
increases the sound perception. [/tab] [tab title='Long talk and standby
times'] Savvy's long talk and standby times ensure the phone is
accessible when it is needed, and minimise the need for recharging. The
standard Slim battery gives standby times from 100 to 220 hours and talk
times from 2 to 4 hours. With its light weight of only 146 grams and
volume of 135 cc (with Standard battery), Savvy Dual Band is compact
enough to fit easily into a purse or pocket, but big enough for easy use
of the keypad [/tab] [/tabs] 

Nach dem anschalten hat das Handy auf seinen
Simlock verwiesen. Es ist schon etwas aelter, also bin ich damit in den
o2 Laden getigert um mir den Code zu besorgen. Die Verkaeufer im Laden
waren ungefaehr mein alter und machten ziemliche Augen als ich damit
ankam. Aber, mein groesster Respekt an die Verkaeuferin, versuchte sie
den Code direkt bei o2 zu bekommen. Nach einem etwas laengeren Telefon,
teilte sie mir mit, dass ich es nicht freischalten kann bis zum
3.11.2011. Das die Zeit bis der Code freigegeben werden darf, erst nach
dem Einschalten des Handys startet. Nachdem das Handy bis vor 3 Monaten
nicht angeschalten war, war auch die Zeit, in der das Handy rumlag
nichtig. Aber es gibt anscheinend einen Code und das Handy ist noch in
der Datenbank. Am 3.11 werd ich mit einer Kamera bewaffnet in den Laden
gehen und das Handy freischalten lassen. :) Ich freu mich schon drauf.
so long

.. _|image1|: http://images.hoeja.de/blog/240019_10150221089089593_815334592_6936382_7583726_o.jpg

.. |image0| image:: http://images.hoeja.de/blog/240019_10150221089089593_815334592_6936382_7583726_o-199x300.jpg
